README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="doc/logo_text_small.png" alt="Yummyplan logo">
</p>

# Yummyplan

> A meal planning app for an entire week

## What is Yummyplan?

Yummyplan is an app that allows you to plan a week worth of meals for your household via drag and drop. Create, edit 
and delete meals, assign ingredients and tags to them and download the plan as PDF or PNG. 

Out of ideas for meals? Use the "Random" button to assign random meals to empty slots! The random meals follow a set of 
allowed tags for each day and meal time.

Done with your plan and need to go grocery shopping? A sorted consolidated grocery list is available, too!

No login or account is required, since everything is saved in your browser.

Some default content is available in both german and english, but own meals and ingredients can be added.

Check it out here: [yummyplan.github.io](https://yummyplan.github.io)

### Available languages

Yummyplan is currently available in these languages:

 - *English*
 - *German*

If you want to contribute a translation, you can do so by adding a new JSON file with the ISO-639-1 code (2 characters) to the `translations/` folder and start translating.

### Some screenshots

| Week plan                                                                    | Editing meals                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![A filled out week plan](./doc/weekplan.png)](./doc/weekplan.png)          | [![Overview of all meals](./doc/mealoverview.png)](./doc/mealoverview.png) |
| [![Consolidated grocery list](./doc/grocerylist.png)](./doc/grocerylist.png) | [![Edit modal for meals](./doc/editmeal.png)](./doc/editmeal.png)          |

## Build Setup

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Run tests

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

$ npm run test
```

or:

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

$ npm run test-watch
```

## Contribute

If you want to contribute a new feature, or if you've found a bug, please open a pull request or an issue in this repository.

Commit message:

Enable Spanish in lang switcher and update README.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="doc/logo_text_small.png" alt="Yummyplan logo">
</p>

# Yummyplan

> A meal planning app for an entire week

## What is Yummyplan?

Yummyplan is an app that allows you to plan a week worth of meals for your household via drag and drop. Create, edit 
and delete meals, assign ingredients and tags to them and download the plan as PDF or PNG. 

Out of ideas for meals? Use the "Random" button to assign random meals to empty slots! The random meals follow a set of 
allowed tags for each day and meal time.

Done with your plan and need to go grocery shopping? A sorted consolidated grocery list is available, too!

No login or account is required, since everything is saved in your browser.

Some default content is available in both german and english, but own meals and ingredients can be added.

Check it out here: [yummyplan.github.io](https://yummyplan.github.io)

### Available languages

Yummyplan is currently available in these languages:

 - *English*
 - *German*
 - *Spanish* (Thank you [OscarRivasGonzalezProg](https://github.com/OscarRivasGonzalezProg) and [josevill](https://github.com/josevill)!)

If you want to contribute a translation, you can do so by adding a new JSON file with the ISO-639-1 code (2 characters) to the `translations/` folder and start translating.

### Some screenshots

| Week plan                                                                    | Editing meals                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![A filled out week plan](./doc/weekplan.png)](./doc/weekplan.png)          | [![Overview of all meals](./doc/mealoverview.png)](./doc/mealoverview.png) |
| [![Consolidated grocery list](./doc/grocerylist.png)](./doc/grocerylist.png) | [![Edit modal for meals](./doc/editmeal.png)](./doc/editmeal.png)          |

## Build Setup

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Run tests

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

$ npm run test
```

or:

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm run install

$ npm run test-watch
```

## Contribute

If you want to contribute a new feature, or if you've found a bug, please open a pull request or an issue in this repository.
